2004-02-02 : Fixed code in BtnRetrieveCosts.2004-02-10 :  Used style sheet for form objects (text, field, variable, dropdown list, etc)2004-02-13 : Fixed syntax err in obj method BtnSave.2004-03-02 :  - Changed the method behind btnRetrieveCostData.  Actual costs are calculated only when all the bridges have actual cost data unless a bridge is rescinded.- On Form Load event, added [Contract Assignments]AcutalOrEstimate:="Negotiated" line so that the radio button value gets saved when it's a new record2004-03-18 :  Corrected the btnDelete method like bthSave.2004-03-18 :  Corrected the method behind btnRetrieveCost.  For 'Inspection' contract type, it was calculating actual cost and not negotiated cost when $bAllActualCostExist=True.2004-04-13 : Applied form scaling - 120%.  Set hor. and vert. margin to 10, and min. width to 730, min height to 530.2004-04-15 : Adjusted form objects (decresed text box height, re-applied style sheets, etc).2004-04-20 : Replaced the button images with correctly scaled ones. Removed unused buttons from the toolbar.  Applied dark grey background to editable fields.2004-04-27 : Added code to check for duplicate assignment numbers in AssignNo field and Save button.2004-05-10 : Moved code to reset QueryDest right after the query. Check of dupl assignment number only for New records.2004-05-18 : Removed double-adding of actualcost in Object method of btnSave.2004-07-14 : v4.3 : Modified object code of button btnRetrieveCost to look at both [ConsInspection] and [ConsRating] tables for costs - per FRastegari for special cases.