25-jan-01 : changed BrKey to Item 8Jun-2001 : added code to print the inspection level in roman numerals, display the second bdept number. also cleaned up overall appearance.Sep-2001 : Adjusted Item 60 layout; changed Title to 'Routine ...";  modified form method(see comments) ; Made checks in Object methods for vDiveMaster, vTeamMbr to adjust font size for long strings in these fields.Nov-2001 : Replaced some of the sub-element labels with variables.Nov-2001 : Set Page setup to match LaserJet5M "Letter" page settings. That gives more margin at the top of the page and does not clip the heading. Adjusted size of BIN field, locations of some rating boxes, labels,  fixed layout and spelling of explanatory text.Nov-2001 : Changed font and style of extra elements of Item 61, 62, 59 to size 7 from 6 and non-italic. Changed in form method default of Undermining check boxes to "N" from "".  In Form method added FIRST RECORD([ElementsSafety]) command before the While loop (it was needed)Jan-2002 : Increased width of Deficiency/Urgency variable fields .Apr-2002 : Increased font sizes of some elmt descriptions, bolded ratings and deficiencies, font size and bolded Item ratings.May-2002 : Increased widths of DEF fields, and Descr fields; Adjusted widths of boxes. Aug-2002 : Made item ratings Vars and set default to N.Sep-2002 : Adusted vTeamMember method to add a space between names and commas. Adjusted Page num text to match with other pages.Oct-2002 : Added check for Item 62 UW = "" in the undermining logic. Changed display format in visibility and depth to ###0.# m . Changed Elements of Item 59 to get the element prefix and the modified Element Description.  Added format controls for BottConditions and Access to bridge. Use method G_ElmtRatingTxt.Nov-2002 : Moved 20-hor, -2 ver.Jan-2003 : Use method G_TmMemberList.Mar-2003 : Adjusted size and location of Item6a.May-2003 : Modified form method to select Item 59  elements that have a rating.Jun-2003 : Adjusted form method to better print Current field. Fixed Item 6,7,8 labels. After v3.3. Initialize Item59 descr to blanks.2004-03-11: Added style sheet.