2001-06 : added pulldown for picture type.2001-11 :  Delete button  refreshes and re-sorts image list.2001-12 :  Modified method of Sequence field to re-sequence other records on data change ; Modified Delete button method to alsoe re-sequence other records and refresh and re-sort image list. ; Modified form method.. ; Changed Delete button to 'No Action'; Changed PictType popup to enable on load; changed object method to check for new record and change photo seq number2001-12 : Renamed enterable Objects  and buttons to DE@.2002-01 : Made icon buttons to picture library icons.2002-02 : Adjusted code to use the new Constants BMS Photo, Sketch, Chart.2002-03 : Added variable and code to display statistics of the Image. Added buttons to read Image from disk and write the image to disk.2002-11 : Enabled Port/landscp for Photos also. Created a duplicate of the Portr/ land Radio button, one is visible for Photos, one visible for charts sketches. Added a check in the delete button for when deleting a photo while in UserMode.2002-12 : Adjusted code in form method to not hide the pict type dropdown when a photo is displayed. Adjusted pict type drop down method to not default Portrait when switching to a Photo type.2003-02 : Added declarations of some missing local variables.2003-04 : Moved LogNewRecord to the OnValidate event part of the method.2003-05 : Use function F_ImageSort to sort images on exit.  Added more 'steps' to the compression - down to 500 - for images above 1500 pixels in width.2003-06 : Adjusted Del button to keep the existing ElementsSafety selection.  Use FlushGrpChgs method. Adjusted the steps used for compression - added checks for image size in bytes.2003-10-10 : Adjusted buttons to be similar to Elements Safety input screens. Increased size of Descr box. Added help tips to control buttons. Use method F_CompressPic in both import button and Picture field method. In Form method remember last Image type used for new pictures.2003-11-26 : Fixed font of field Portrait for photos - object "DE PictPage". Fixed code in Form method to assign new image sequence number- took it out of if statement for image type.2003-12-02 : Changed object method for Delete button to avoid using PUSH and POP Record. First delete the record, then re-number remaining images.2003-12-03 : Changed object method for Delete button so that if it is a new record just cancel without loging anything - Otherwise there would be a DRC log for a non-existant record which would cause errors in data transfers.2004-01-08 : Enabled for title block AutoSpellCheck.2004-10-20 : Changed method of reading picture files - use READ PICTURE FILE instead of AP Read Picture File.2004-02-11 : Allow import from file for sketches and charts in form method and PictType pulldown. Assigned StyleSheets to all objects. Re-arranged layout of objects.2004-02-13 : Use method G_SortInspImages in obj method ZZ5 and form method. Added Check in ZZ8 (save) button for zero sequence. Made form type Detail.2003-03-16 : Re-Applied 'DataEntry12Plain' style sheet to input fields.2004-03-30 : Modified Form method to call G_InitIsnpImages in the Unload event. Modified obj method ZZ5 to use query selection; removed call to G_sortinpsimages; removed calls to save and restore [ElmtsSafety] selection. Moved code to LogNewRecord to button ZZ8 (Save).2004-04-02 : Added code in Form Method to a) initialize variable that tracks if picture has been changed ; b) Change photo dimensions to 800x if larger than 800xXXXX in the onValidate event. Added code in the vRdPic2Blob and StandardPhoto object to indicate when the picture has been changed. Also in vRdPic2Blob zeroed the temp pic variable at the end.2004-04-06: Changed the text alignment for District and Br.Dept No.2004-04-13 : Applied form scaling - 120%.  Set hor/vert margin and min width/height.2004-04-20 : Replaced the button images with correctly scaled ones.2004-04-27 : Coordinated font colors.2004-04-29 : Minimum sizing of form to match Inspection forms (740x530).2004-05-03 : Moved all code related to FlushGrpChgs in the On validate event of the form method to the ZZ8 object method. Use method G_ResortImages in object method of SeqNum On Validate event.