2001-01-25 : changed BrKey to Item 82003-03-12 :  ASL: changes made.2003-03-13 : ASL Added Element Info, General Comments, Images, DBIE Comments and Area Eng Comments to [Inspections]Critical Member form. 2003-03-17 : ASL Fixed events for field tests.2003-03-18 : ASL Fixed object method bInspConfig on [Inspections]Critical Member. Does not need QUERY SELECTION by current catelgory.2003-03-19 :  Changed display format of legibility and visibility signs.2003-03-24 : ASL Added PrintInspect tool tip message and added it to print button on [Inspections]Critical Member.2003-04-01 : Added [ElementSafety]SafetyElementInputEx to detail form of Element Info page of [Inspctions]Critical Member.2003-04-24 : ASL Added Item 58 previous and current to [Inspections]Critical Member. Fixed entry order. Added code to FM [Inspections]Critical Member to make Item 58 and Item 58i invisible when inspection type is "FCR." Added code to move labels closer to the fields when inspection type is "FCR."2003-04-26 : ASL Made posting status drop down wider. Change check boxes for plans and vcr tape to automatic platform type in [Inspections]Critical Member.2003-05 : Changed format of TempA to ##0. Added variable Label for Inspection date. Removed code in object method of inspection date which updates [inpections]item 90. Added button that traps Cmd-. Added code in the SaveContinue button to resort Elements and images.2003-06 : Added field in page one to modify 90 Inspection Date. Use G_Insp_SaveInspection and G_Insp_SaveContinue method in form buttons. Fixed button for ReRating to Clear Rating priority when unchecked. 2003-08-01 : Set Shortcut for Accept button to Enter. Fixed object method of Configure button to not to check for Item58,59,60,61 in element list.2003-08-15 : Use the "AboveWater Template". Added call to CheckDependencies in form method. Replaced method of bGetRatings button to call to proj method G_InspGetRatings. Fixed obj method of Configure button to restore image selection.2003-09 : v3.3f3 Get UW date only if there is a UW frequency. Adjusted Form method to re-check for WtPosting after CheckDependencies. Use G_CBWeightPosting method in check box.  Combined two comments pages in one. Added button to print Review comments.2003-10-02 : Year Rehab was not getting the value from [Inspections]table.2003-10-06 : Fixed Object VCR Tape No.2003-10-17 : Added code in form method to set color of Wt Postings. Added command to set the color of fields when non-editable.2003-10-23 : Init CurCat to "ALL" in form method. Use method G_SpellCheckArea.2003-11-10 : Modified Obj method of preview button to print multiple page 1s.2003-12-19 : For the Orientation button use method G_Insp_SetDirLbl. Removed OnPlugIn event from comments area.2004-01-05 : Fixed obj method of preview button to initialze vPageNo for page1s.2004-01-06 : Added buttons to allow entry of reply to Review comments.2004-01-08 : Added Item 62 fields; Renamed item59 flds to follow "Itemxx_@" naming convention. Modified form method to also hide Item 62 when FCR Inspection.2004-01-20 : Adjusted Preview button to use new method of calling Print_Dive_cmt_a_new and method G_PreviewInspImage.2004-02-13 : Use method G_ReplyBtnCfg in onload event of form method. Added updating page count in Preview button. Use method G_ConfigInspBtn_1 for configure btn.2003-03-16 : Applied 'DataEntry12Plain' style sheet to input fields. Changed the fill color for Overall Previous/Current Condition text fields.2004-04-01 : Changed Monaco font to Geneva. Added 'View All Comments' button in General Cmnts tab.2004-04-06 : Changed the method behind View All Comments button to use Print_Dive_Cmt_a_new.2004-04-13 : Applied form scaling - 120%.  Set hor. and vert. margin to 10, and min. width to 730, min height to 530.2004-04-15 : Applied 'TabText' style sheet to tab labels. Decreased the height of text boxes.2004-04-16 : In the form method, changed the sorting code for [ElementDict].  It uses ORDER BY full label instead of ORDER BY FORUMLA.2004-04-23 : Removed Inspection Hrs - not used.2004-04-27 : Coordinated font colors.2004-07-06 : Use G_InspInfo method in bInfo Button.