2001-01-25 : changed BrKey to Item 82003-05-10 : ASL Created.2003-05-12 : ASL Added clearance posting.2003-05-14 : ASL vbPGPreview prints [Inspections]Damage Pg1. bPrint prints [Inspection]Damage Pg 1.2003-05-20 : ASL Buttons handle only onclicked event. Fields handle only onchange event.2003-05-20 : ASL Prefixed all objects with DE.2003-06-09 : ASL Added Boston Office page. Added variables [Inspections]Dam_Boston_Office_Fwd, [Inspections]Dam_Boston_Office_Date, [Inspections]Dam_Boston_Office_Remarks.2003-06-10 : ASL Fixed entry for Boston Office page. Added last page to print preview. Added entry control in FM to check for user in "InspectionReview" group for Boston Office page.2003-06 : Use G_Insp_SaveInspection and G_Insp_SaveContinue method in form buttons. Fixed button for ReRating to Clear Rating priority when unchecked. After v3.3. Fixed method of page preview. Fixed various date format filters and displays. Adjusted Boston Dam comments field to better match the way it gets printed. Fixed the Weight and Clr Posting check buttons to work as in the Routine form. Use method G_AddImage2Insp.2003-08-01 : Removed unecessary code from Preview button code.2003-08-15 : Use the "AboveWater Template". Do not disable Item 58,59 etc ratings during bInspConfig button method. Added call to CheckDependencies in form method. Replaced method of bGetRatings button to call to proj method G_InspGetRatings. Fixed obj method of Configure button to restore image selection.2003-09 : v3.3f3 Added Orientation radio buttons - were missing. Get UW date only if there is a UW frequency. Adjusted methods for UW values. Adjusted Form method to re-check for WtPosting after CheckDependencies. Use G_CBWeightPosting method in check box.  Combined two comments pages in one. Added button to print Review comments.2003-10-01 : Fixed method of Insp Date -was setting Item90 also. Added Item 90 field similar to Critical Member form.2003-10-06 : Fixed Object VCR Tape No.2003-10-10 : Added sorting of elements in Form method.2003-10-17 : Added code in form method to set color of Wt and Clr Postings. Added command to set the color of fields when non-editable. Use Method G_CBClrPosting.2003-10-23 : Init CurCat to "ALL" in form method. Use method G_SpellCheckArea.2003-12-19 : For the Orientation button use method G_Insp_SetDirLbl. Added label on comments page to indicate whether comments will be on page on or not. Removed OnPlugin area event from AreaComments plugin area.2004-01-06 : Added buttons to allow entry of reply to Review comments.2004-01-08 : Added Item62_i and Item62 fields.2004-01-20 : Adjusted Preview button to use new method of calling Print_Dive_cmt_a_new and method G_PreviewInspImage.2004-02-13 : Use method G_ReplyBtnCfg in onload event of form method. Added updating page count in Preview button. Changed Form properties to resizable. Use method G_ConfigInspBtn_1 for configure btn.2003-03-16 : Applied 'DataEntry12Plain' style sheet to input fields.  Changed the fill color for Overall Previous/Current Condition text fields.2004-04-01 : Increased width of some labels and fields.  Changed Monaco font to Geneva. Added 'View All Comments' button in General Cmnts tab.2004-04-06 : Changed the method behind View All Comments button to use Print_Dive_Cmt_a_new.2004-04-13 : Applied form scaling - 120%.  Set hor. and vert. margin to 10, and min. width to 740, min height to 530.  Applied 'TabText' style sheet to tab labels.2004-04-15 : Applied 'TabText' style sheet to tab labels. Decreased the height of text boxes.2004-04-16 : In the form method, changed the sorting code for [ElementDict].  It uses ORDER BY full label instead of ORDER BY FORUMLA.2004-04-23 : Removed Inspection Hrs - not used.2004-04-27 : Coordinated font colors.2004-07-06 : Use G_InspInfo method in bInfo Button.