26-jan-01 : moved header stuff to page 0 of form. fixed Town name field.Apr-2002 : Modified / added object methods to enable logging of changes so that they are transferred to the districts. Modified the Form method to log the changes. Added Tab control and changed some objects to automatic appearance. Added statement in the Accept button to force going trough the Validate part of the Form method. (because object events were cleaned up to avoid unecessary calls)May-2002 : Fixed Tab order on page one.Aug-2002 :  Modified to enable view access to all and read write to Ratings group; also to enable data transfer of rating report info.  Added PushChange(2) calls to all objects. Renamed buttons on page 3 to RatMbxxx to be used in the form method for read write control.  Renamed trash button for same reason.Jan-2003 : Removed conversion to Int for Rating values to [Bridges MHD NBIS].Sep-2003 : v3.3f3 Use FlushGrpChgs method.2003-03-16 : Applied 'DataEntry12Plain' style sheet to input fields.2004-04-13 : Applied form scaling - 120%.  Set hor. and vert. margin to 10.2004-04-15 : Applied 'TabText' style sheet to tab labels.  Decresed text box height.  Re-sized the Print button.2004-04-20 : Replaced the button images with correctly scaled ones.  Applied dark grey background to editable fields.2004-05-05 : Renamed Tab Control.2004-05-26 : Modified object methods for Inv and Opr ratings to use G_CalcRtg66,64 project methods. Re-aligned some of the objects. Modified form method to provide info on what is changed in the [Bridge MHD NBIS] table. Changed overall logic so that the [rating]item64,66 will show actual values, while [NBI]item64,66 will max out at 99.9. Also the updates to the [NBI] fields are done only at the On Validate event of the form, not at the DataChange events of the objects.2004-06-21 : Adjusted code in form method to lognewrecord right after saving the new record in the on load event.