2003-04-01 : ASL Created Form [ElementsSafety]SafetyElementInputEx taken from last project. This form includes the previous rating and inventory rating. Removed dive rating and comments from [ElementsSafety]SafetyElementInputEx form.2003-04-02 : ASL Added object methods to Rating, Previous Rating, Deficiency and Urgency of Repair to [ElementsSafety]SafetyElementsInputEx. Added H input filter value to Weld condition in [ElementSafety]SafetyElementsInputEx.2003-04-26 : Moved comment area of [ElementsSafety]SafetyElementInputEx down because of 4D Write format toolbar.2003-06 : Changed way of defining the Element Prefix in the form method - match the other forms. Enabled editable the Deficieny and priority fields- added object methods- changed bkgd color.  Changed to FlushGrpChgs method. Adjusted Tab order. Made Del button "No Action". Added code in form method to change field colors when editable or not. V3.3f Changed Obj method of Comments area to call method G_ElmtRemarkssArea.2003-08-01 : v 3.3f Changed field width of ratings to allow 3-digit ratgs. Use G_ElmtDefPopup for code of Deficiency drop down. Fixed code of Deficiency field. Fixed form method to properly initialize vbElmtNotValidated variable. Adjusted size of comments field. Use the new template form.2003-08-15 : Use the "SafetyElmt Template". Use Global Color Variables in set color commands.2003-09-30 : Changed entry filter for Load ratings, Changed Display format, Added check box to set Load ratings to -1 (-1 =N).2004-01-05 : Use G_SpellCheckArea for spellcheck btn method. Moved The ElmtNotRated chkbox.2003-03-16 : Applied 'DataEntry12Plain' style sheet to input fields.2004-04-06 : Changed the size of bSpellCheck button.2004-04-13 : Applied form scaling - 120%.  Set hor. and vert. margin to 10, and min. width to 770, min height to 550.2004-04-29 : Minimum sizing of form to match Inspection forms (740x550).