2003-08 : Removed Missing menu bar.2003-10-21: Replaced Inspection Type combo box with check boxes.  Changed the methods behind the checkbox and the form.2003-10-24 : Changed fonts of some combo boxes and input fields to Charcoal from Book Antiqua. Disabled Loging the change in the ConContractNo field to avoid problems in data transfers. Field was changed to A10 in Server and not yet in Districts. Fixed method of Save Btn to include sequence "ConsInsp".2003-10-28 : Changed fonts from Capital to Charcoal.    Added NTP Date (verbal/written) and Contract Type combo box.  Added "Insp. Notification Received" to the Assign Status combo box value list.2003-10-30 : Changed the method behind chkMec - incorrect spelling of "Mechanical".   Modified the Entry Filter of Contract No from numeric to none.Added Inspection Received (M, E) label.***** Commented out PushChange in following fields.  Uncomment it later!!!  Assign StatusContract NumberInspection DateInspection TypeContract TypeNTP Date (verbal)Insp_Recvd_ME2003-11-13 : Changed entry fields and dropdowns to use style sheet DataEntry12Plain.2003-12-03 :  Added the following fields (Barge, SafetyBoat, Snooper, RR Flagging) for both Negotiated and Actual CostsChanged the Delete method: instead of using the Standard Delete Action, uses the Delete Record command.  Changed the form method (BIN assignment).2004-01-20 :  - Added methods behind Contract and Assign No fields so that when a number is entered in the fields, it retrieves relevant data from Contracts table.- Changed the combo box name for Contract Type to cboContractType- Changed calculations behind Salary, Indirect Cost, Net Fee fields. - Created a new variable Net Fee Rate.  NetFeeRate column does not exist in [Cons Inspection Cost], so use a variable for now.   (If this is changed later, the methods behind Contract and costs fields must be changed)2004-02-10 :  Used style sheet for form objects (text, field, variable, dropdown list, etc)2004-02-13 : Fixed syntax error in obj method [Neg NetFee]2004-02-20 : Assigned 'Accept' action to the save button.2004-02-23 : Uncommented PushChange calls.2004-02-26 : - Changed style sheet of some labels in page 2 and 3- Added PushChange calls behind Contract No and Assign No fields.2004-3-2:  - In cboAssignmentStatus, added HIGHLIGHT TEXT(Inspection Date) so the focus moves to Inspection Date. (request from Farhard)- Increased the width of Insp Month and Year fields.  Changed the justification to Right.2004-03-23 :  Added "Assignment Phase" field.  **** Commented out PushChange.  Don't forget to uncomment it later!!! ****2004-03-26 :  On the form, changed [Cons Inspection Cost]OverheadRate to a variable which queries [Contracts] table for overhead rate.2004-03-30:  Changed the calculation of salary/indirect cost/net fee to use the variable overheadRate instead of [Cons Inspection Cost]OverheadRate.2004-04-13 : Applied form scaling - 120%.  Set hor. and vert. margin to 10.2004-04-15 : Adjusted form objects (decresed text box height, re-applied style sheets, etc).2004-04-20 : Replaced the button images with correctly scaled ones.  Applied dark grey background to editable fields.