2001-03-17 : ASL Fixed popup menus for rating popupmenus. Increased Defiency Field width. Added urgency of repair popupmenu. Got rid of urgency of repair radio buttons. Set controls to automatic look and feel.2001-04-30 :  ASL Added ZZ5 code to take care of logging the deletion of a safety element.2001-06 Added Help messages to the navigation buttons.2002-05 : Modified to use 4D Write area. Adjusted form method and object methods.2002-11 : Implemented as part of Routine Inspections. Removed the member postings and Previous insp rating. These are only for Spec memb inspections. Made Comments area Sunken - appear Automatic. Form props resizable fixed w min ht 430.2002-12 : Added bElmNotValidated:=False at the On Validate event. Changed prompt of Delete button. Changed name of 4D write area to AreaElm comments; modified obj method for spellcheck and format pulldown.2003-04 : Added H to filter for Weld Condition.2003-06 : Enabled editable the Deficieny and priority fields- added object methods- changed bkgd color. Changed to FlushGrpChgs method. Adjusted Tab order. Made Del button "No Action". Added code in form method to change field colors when editable or not.2003-08-01 : Use G_ElmtDefPopup for code of Deficiency drop down. Use the new template form.2003-08-15 : Use the "SafetyElmt Template". Use Global Color Variables in set color commands.2003-11-25 : Added check box for Spec Memb; Adjusted method to switch pages accordingly.2004-01-05 : Use G_SpellCheckArea for spellcheck btn method. Changed font of SpecMemb chk Box.2004-01-08 : Added code in the form method to disable delete and Hide the SpecMembCheck Box if Closed inspection.2003-03-16 : Applied 'DataEntry12Plain' style sheet to input fields.2004-04-06 : Changed the size of bSpellCheck button.2004-04-13 : Applied form scaling - 120%.  Set hor. and vert. margin to 10, and min. width to 770, min height to 550.2004-04-29 : Minimum sizing of form to match Inspection forms (740x550).