2001-06 : Copied from the default input form and modified for Dive inspections2001-11 : modified to allow editing of description. moved help button to the top left corner. Changed form method code to display the parent Item description from the ElementDictionary. Added the display of the Element prefix from the ElementDictionary2001-12 : Renamed enterable objects (fields, buttons, pulldowns) to DE@ .2002-01 : Made button icons to icons from picture library.2002-03 : Added Triming of trailing blanks and lines in Inspection comments method. Added buttons and controls to do spellchecking and formatting in the 4D Write area.2002-10 : Use method G_ElmtRemarksArea for the 4D Write area object method. Changed validation boolean to bElmtNotValidated to avoid confusion with the Insp form validation booleans.2002-11 : Made Comments area Sunken - appear Automatic. Modified vItem to use description from the [Element Cat]table.2002-12 : Modified prompt for Delete button. Changed name of 4D write area to AreaElm comments; modified obj method for spellcheck and format pulldown.2003 -08-01: Use G_ElmtDefPopup for code of Deficiency drop down. Use the new template form.2003-08-15 : Use the "SafetyElmt Template"2003-10-10 : Use FlushGrpChgs method.2004-01-05 : Use G_SpellCheckArea for spellcheck btn method.2004-03-16 : Applied 'DataEntry12Plain' style sheet to input fields.2004-04-06 : Changed the size of bSpellCheck button.2004-04-13 : Applied form scaling - 120%.  Set hor. and vert. margin to 10, and min. width to 770, min height to 550.2004-04-29 : Minimum sizing of form to match Inspection forms (740x530).