Oct-Nov 2000 : Modified for Custom entry of Items 6 and 7 ; added Lists Feat Int Code and Facility Carried to be used for the PopUp menus.Jan/Feb 2001 : Added item 8 creation to the code.  The code in this form is slightly different than the code in ID Input form. Item 8 is initialized to blanks before the form is loaded.Also edited aTownName_ object method to update Item8 when the BIN and BDEPT is selectedApril 2001 : Changed PopUp and Corresponding variable boxes to automatic appearance and adjusted locations / dimensions. deleted old Down arrow pictures. Modified Lists Feat Int Code and Facility Carried : Changed MBTA to TL (transit line). This also affects forms ID Input and SI& A Input. Adjusted Display lengths of Bridge Category Code and made fonts of all popups to Geneva. Adjusted display of entries for Bridge Key. Modified object method of BridgeCategory popup : changed c_string  definition of the display variable to 60 from 30 (it was truncating the longer codes).Apr-2001 : modified methods BINaFeatDescr_ , BINa7FDescr_ to correct a problem of initializing them when 6A or 7 start with I, ST, US.Jan-2003 : Added fields for Agency BrgNo and RR Branch and BrgNo.Feb-2003 : Modified some of the code for Item6a and 7 methods. Fixed code in BDEPT and aTownname_ objects.2004-02-13 : Form type Detail.2003-03-16 : Applied 'DataEntry12Plain' style sheet to input fields.2004-04-13 : Applied form scaling - 120%.  Set hor. and vert. margin to 10.2004-04-15 : Reduced text box height from 21 to 18.2004-04-20 : Replaced the button images with correctly scaled ones.2004-04-27 : Coordinated font colors.