2001-01-25 : changed BrKey to Item 82001-02 : moved common Title Text and Buttons to Page 02001-03-17 : Changed look and feel of controls to automatic. Put End If after query to enable sorting by ElementNo for all inspections.2001-05-01 : Added ZZ5 code to take care of logging the deletion of a inspection.2001-05-21 : Added Item 58 to aInspType_ drop down menu.2001-06 : Modified Insp Level to display Roman Numerals. changed fields Access, Bot cond, Current to text. changed Depth and visibility to numbers. Changed title of remarks to general remarks, made general remarks with a vertical scroll region. changed inp form for elements to "Safety Elm Inp Dive".  Added Help Messages to the Navigation/Control buttons at the top. Added code to ZZ5 to notify about attached images also.  Changed Button title 'Look' to 'View Images'. changed font on inspection title block to Times/24/ bold2001-09 : Copied from old version. Added tab control for page navigation. re-arranged the order of display of elements, added subform to display images.2001-10 : Changed entry filters for Accessibility, Current, Bottom condition to alphanumeric2001-11 : Changed Delete button to call project method G_DeleteInspection.; Added Check box for Completed Inspection  Changed default Element display to all.  Changed appearance of TabControl to Platinum from Automatic.  In Images page added button to add an Image.  Adjusted widths of AccessOther, Current fields to more closely match the allowed Field widths (A10,A20).2001-12 : Made Delete button to 'NoAction'Adjusted Layout a bit. Named some of the objects to Prot@.. for future use when form needs to be protected from input.Added Object method to Accept button to mark Inspection as Completed.Removed record navigation buttons to avoid going into other type of inspections.Named Input objects to DE@.2002-01 : Added pages and objects for fields InspApprCmts and InspRevCmtsAdded buttons and oject methods to do Print Preview of Page 1,  Images and Comments without going through page counting. Changed Help messages of Help button.2002-03 : Added Triming of trailing blanks and lines in Inspection comments method. Added buttons and controls to do spell checking and formatting in the 4D Write Area.2002-05 : Added code in 'Info' button to show Storage used by this inspections.2002-08 : Width of Items on page 1 smaller. Adjust enterable of Items depending on what elements exist in [elementssafety]. Adjust on entry to Dive form and when using configure from the form. If an element is 'removed' blank out its  rating value. Modified form method and Configure button method on page 2. Fixed 'bug' where Insp being complete was not logged properly in the ArchiveLog from the Accept button. Adjusted code to display "Select Dive Master" if none has been defined.2002-09 : Removed pulldown for UOE (there is only one option by default).2002-10 :  Removed from form method  re-setting the modifiedby field. Use method G_GenRemarksArea for the 4D Write area object method. Changed width of AccessOther field.2002-11 : Added Clear Named Selection("TempPicts") command.2002-12 : Adjusted to use Dive Template form as template.2003-01 : Adjusted method to use ◊UOEID variable. Added pulldown aUOE and popupmenuc in form method.2003-03 : Replaced code in Info button to call to G_InspInfo.2003-04 : Replaced code in Image preview button w/call to G_PreviewInspImage.2003-05 : Removed Preview buttons - replaced in Dive Template form.  Use method G_AddImage2Insp to add images.2003-06 : Use FlushGrpChgs method.2003-10-10 : Adjusted size of Item8 and Item93B2003-10-17 : Added command to set the color of fields when non-editable.2003-10-23 : Use Method G_InspElmtCatPopup for object aInspType_ . Use method G_SpellCheckArea.2003-11-13 : Adjusted bInspConfig btn to restore selection of Images.2003-12-19 : Removed OnPlugIn event from comments area.2004-01-05 : Removed code that locks Itms 60,61,62 when no related elmts are included in the inspection.2004-01-06 : Added buttons to allow entry of reply to UOE Review comments.2004-02-13 : Use method G_ReplyBtnCfg in onload event of form method. Added fld TeamMbrAddl. Use method G_ConfigInspBtn_1 for configure btn.2003-03-16 : Applied 'DataEntry12Plain' style sheet to input fields.  Increased the height of City/Town, Structure No, and Date of Insp.2004-04-01 : Increased width of some labels and fields.  Changed Monaco font to Geneva. Added 'View All Comments' button in General Cmnts tab.2004-04-06 : Changed the method behind View All Comments button to use Print_Dive_Cmt_a_new.2004-04-13 : Applied form scaling - 120%.  Set hor. and vert. margin to 10, and min. width to 730, min height to 530.2004-04-15 : Decreased the height of text boxes.2004-04-16 : In the form method, changed the sorting code for [ElementDict].  It uses ORDER BY FullLabel instead of ElementNo.2004-04-22 : Updated a help message for Save & Exit.2004-04-27 : Coordinated font colors.2004-07-07 : Fixed Additional Mbr notes check box properties and name.