2001-03-21 ASL : Use this form to configure an existing dive inspection.2001-04-24 ASL : Created trash can object method.2001-04-26 ASL : Added code to populate right side with existing elements.2001-04-27 ASL : Fixed duplicate child problem by not adding elements that are parents. Fixed sorting problem by adding a space in front of single digit elements.2001-04-28 ASL : Took out code for hList1. hList1 is configured in MakeInspection.2001-06 : Added button for default Items.  Made window size adjustable vertically so that longer lists can be viewed.2001-11 : Modified Default button to check for structure type- If culvert use items 61,62.2002-04 : Removed New Sub-Element button. No longer needed.2002-11 : Adjusted Default button to check for Bridge over Water and adjust default element list for Inspections.2003-01 : Removed from Culvert default the OVR items.2003-02 : Adjusted method of setting RTA and RTN default items (Use method GetDefElemHlistFromArr).2003-05 : Removed OVR elements from default list of RTA and RTN inspections. Removed default elements for FRC and CMI , DAM inspections.2003-06 : Made default elements for a closed bridge Insp (CLD) to TRA.2003-12-12 : Changed method of Default btn to check for return value from G_DefInspElmts and clear hList2 when needed. 2004-04-28 : In object method of hList2 added code to expand the list in the ON DROP event; Show busy cursor in the ON LOAD event. Adjusted sizes and fonts/styles of list objects, titles and buttons.