2001-01-25 : changed BrKey to Item 82003-05-15 ASL : Added tab control.2003-05-19 ASL : Added first and second pages.2003-05-20 ASL : Changed display of date to mm/dd/yyyy forced.2003-05-21 ASL : Changed buttons to handle only the onclicked event. Changed fields to handle only the onchange event.2003-05-22 ASL : Added accessibility, photos and comments section. Fixed aPedTraffNE and aPedTraffSW. Fixed print and preview buttons.2003-05-27 ASL : Removed inspection categories from FM. Removed StreamFlow pop up menu from FM. Renamed Closed Sign area objects with prefix DE Cld.2003-05-29 ASL : Added total hours. Added accessibility. Prefixed all objects with DE.2003-06-03 ASL : Locking closed bridge fields reserved for DBIE.2003-06-04 ASL : Added scheduled repair. Added Cld_Contract_Number, Cld_Amount, Cld_Completion_Date.2003-06-05 ASL : Added Cld_Contractor, Cld_Resident_Engineer, Cld_Scope_of_Work, Cld_Remarks. Code in FM to set enterable if check box "Under Construction" is checked off.2003-06-06 ASL : Fixed entry control for DBIE page. Added check boxes for scheduled follow up action. Fixed print preview. Made check boxes for scheduled bridge repair "1" based in stead of "0" based.2003-06-09 ASL : Added OM to Under Construction check box to blank out contrct number, amount, completion date, contractor, resident engineer, scope of work and remarks.2003-06-10 ASL : Changed entry control for scheduled work page to look for users in "Inspection Engineers" group.2003-06-30 : Use G_Insp_SaveInspection and G_Insp_SaveContinue method in form buttons. After v3.3 : Adjusted entry and display filters for Posting (Closed) date and Contract completed date; filter for Barrier type; method of print preview to restore image list. Use method G_AddImage2Insp.2003-08 : Use the "AboveWater Template". Added call to CheckDependencies in form method.2003-09 : v3.3f3 Get UW date only if there is a UW frequency. Adjusted methods for UW values. Adjusted Form method to re-check for WtPosting after CheckDependencies. Use G_CBWeightPosting method in check box.  Combined two comments pages in one. Added button to print Review comments.2003-10-01 : Replace 93B with 90.2003-10-06 : Fixed Object VCR Tape No.2003-10-16 : Label for PostingDate field changed to 'Date' from 'Date Closed'.2003-10-17 : Added command to set the color of fields when non-editable.2003-10-23 : Init CurCat to "ALL" in form method. Use method G_SpellCheckArea.2003-12-19 : For the Orientation button use method G_Insp_SetDirLbl. changed format of vsNE/SW SideWlk to (##). Fixed Fonts for Town,Item43,107 and other labels. Adjusted code for Signs posted to set colors of enterable fields. Removed OnPlugIn event from comments area.2004-01-06 : Added buttons to allow entry of reply to Review comments.2004-01-07 : Modified to allow Item 62 and 62 UW entry.2004-01-20 : Adjusted Preview button to use new method of calling Print_Dive_cmt_a_new and method G_PreviewInspImage.2004-02-12 : Added Configure button for Traffic elements.2004-02-13 : Update page count in Preview button. Changed Form properties to resizable with 0 margins. Use method G_ConfigInspBtn_1 for configure btn.2003-03-16 : Applied 'DataEntry12Plain' style sheet to input fields.2004-04-01 : Increased width of some labels and fields.  Changed Monaco font to Geneva. Added 'View All Comments' button in General Cmnts tab.2004-04-06 : Changed the method behind View All Comments button to use Print_Dive_Cmt_a_new.2004-04-13 : Applied form scaling - 120%.  Set hor. and vert. margin to 10, and min. width to 740, min height to 540.2004-04-15 : Applied 'TabText' style sheet to tab labels.  Decreased the height of text boxes.2004-04-16 : In the form method, changed the sorting code for [ElementDict].  It uses ORDER BY full label instead of ORDER BY FORUMLA.2004-04-23 : Removed Inspection Hrs - not used.2004-04-26 : Adjusted form method to lock and change color of DBIE Cld @ fields. Added button to retrieve Project data from a previous approved closed inspection.2004-04-27 : Coordinated font colors.2004-05-24 : Added back Inspection HRs (It is used in the print form).2004-05-26 : Fixed obj method of InspDate not to assign Routine (Item90) date as the InspDate.2004-07-06 : Use G_InspInfo method in bInfo Button.