2000-10 : Modified for Custom entry of Items 6 and 7.2000-12 : Moved common fields and graphics to page 0Made Entries at Rating loads and date of rating report non-editable.2001-01-25: modified to display Item 8 instead of Bridge Key2001-02 : added help messages to common buttons.2001-03-01 : Adjusted Header fields and Section Titles to Fit Item 8 display better on PC platform.2001-03-20 :  Changed filter on Item5 to AlphaNumA and display format to #########; changed object method of Item 5 to first check for length of 9.  This to avoid problems where Item5 was less than 9 characters long.2001-04-01 : Modified all PopUp objects to Automatic appearance and adjusted height; and removed all down arrow pictures.2001-04-02 : Modified methods aFeatDescr_ , a7FDescr_ to correct a problem of initializing them when 6A or 7 start with I, ST, US2001-10-01 : Modified methods aItem(42,43,44)(a,b)Des and moved code assigning [Bridge MHD NBIS]Item42,43,44 inside the if(form event=on clicked) statement. 2001-10-02 : Per Request from F. Rastegari and A. Bardow : Added Button "Rating->DesValues" (variable vDesRating) in Rating Loads page. Button will set SIA and MHD ratings values to the 'design' value of HS20 loading.2001-10-03 : Modified behavior of checkboxes and frequencies in the Inspections Section.  If a checkbox is unchecked, then the corresponding frequency is set to 0 if not already 0. If a frequency is set to 0 the corresponding checkbox is unchecked. Item 91 is calculated at any change of frequency. Also events for these objects were cleaned-up.2002-04 : Per Request from F.Rastegari restricted access to Facility over /under fields to Key Access group members only. Fixed some more controls (check boxes radio buttons) to be appearance automatic.2003-01 : Adjusted sizes of some check boxes and made them transparent. Added Fields for UW Spec inspection.  Adjusted for Accesibility Items A2.2003-02 : Modified some of the code for Item6a and 7 methods. Adjusted code of 42,43,44 and accesibility objects not to use direct character reference.2003-05 : Changed Blue header font to Geneva (better appearance)2003-10-10 : Use FlushGrpChgs method.2003-12-17 : Moved code that initializes Items 42,43,44 from object methods to the form method to avoid error from ptr_changes array not initialized yet.2003-03-16 : Applied 'DataEntry12Plain' style sheet to input fields.  Changed the top property of the label 'Rating Loads'.2004-04-13 : Applied form scaling - 120%.  Set hor. and vert. margin to 10, and min. width to 770, min height to 550.2004-04-15 : Decreased the height of text boxes to 18 from 21.  Adjusted other form objects.  Re-sized the Print button.2004-04-20 : Replaced the button images with correctly scaled ones.2004-04-21 : Added dropdown to navigate to NBI items.2004-04-23 : Fixed statement assigning aSIAPages to 85 should have been aNBIPages:=0. Added code in aPostStat_ object to set RecPosting values to zero and Item 64,66 to zero for CLOSED. Also changed form method to use method G_GetRecPosting.2004-04-27 : Modified the method behind aNBIPages dropdown to set cursor focus to a selected field.  Added hover help to aNBIpages and aSIApages.  Coordinated font colors.2004-04-28 : Modified font sizes and locations of 'headers'; label width and heights.2004-05-05 : Moved declaration of aNBIPages array to InitProcessVar method - was causing problems in compiled mode.