2003-06 : Modified page 1 and 2 to display new fields from Conslt Rating table.  Obsolete fields were deleted.  Added page 3 and 4 with negotiated and actual cost data.2003-09 : v3.3f3 Use Method FlushGrpChgs.2003-10-21 : Increased the width of consultant name text box.2003-10-24 : Fixed fonts of Comboboxes and some fields from BookAntiqua to Charcoal. Fixed method of Btn Save to include sequence "ConsRtg".2003-10-28 :  Changed fonts from Capital to Charcoal.    Added NTP date (verbal/written).2003-10-30 :  Modified the Entry Filter of Contract No from numeric to none.- ***** Commented out PushChange in following fields.  Uncomment it later!!!  - Assign Status- NTP Date (verbal)2003-12-03 :  Added the following fields (Barge, SafetyBoat, Snooper, RR Flagging) for both Negotiated and Actual Costs.- Changed the Delete method: instead of using the Standard Delete Action, uses the Delete Record command.  Changed the form method (BIN assignment).2004-01-20 :  - Added methods behind Contract and Assign No fields so that when a number is entered in the fields, it retrieves relevant data from Contracts table.- Changed the combo box name for Contract Type to cboContractType- Changed calculations behind Salary, Indirect Cost, Net Fee fields. - Created a new variable Net Fee Rate.  [Conslt Rating Cost]NetFeeRate is not active (--> "delete me", invisible), so use a variable for now. (If this is changed later, the methods behind Contract and costs fields must be changed!)2004-02-10 :  Used style sheet for form objects (text, field, variable, dropdown list, etc)2004-02-23 : Uncommented and added missing PushChange calls.2004-02-26 : - Changed style sheet of some labels in page 3 and 4.  - Added PushChange call to AssignStatus behind NBI Letter field.  - Added PushChange calls behind Contract No and Assign No fields.2004-03-23 : - Added "Inspection Consultant and Town/City/Owner" values in the Source combo box and updated the method.  - Added "Assignment Phase" field.  **** Commented out PushChange.  Uncomment it later!!! ****2004-03-26 :  On the form, changed [Conslt Rating Cost]OverheadRate to a variable which queries [Contracts] table for overhead rate.2004-03-30:  Changed the calculation of salary/indirect cost/net fee to use the variable overheadRate instead of [Conslt Rating Cost]OverheadRate.2004-04-13 : Applied form scaling - 120%.  Set hor. and vert. margin to 10.2004-04-15 : Adjusted form objects (decresed text box height, re-applied style sheets, etc).  Re-sized the Print button.2004-04-20 : Replaced the button images with correctly scaled ones. Applied dark grey background to editable fields.