2001-06 : Created to print comments pages for dive reports.  2002-01 : Added code to save the Elements selection.  2002-02-05 : Copied from old to adjust for 4D Write fields.  2002-05 : Fixed fonts and size for the Photo index generated.  2002-10 : Use BMS image constants.  2002-11 : Modified to use methods G_addItemtoWr, G_AddElmTxt2Area, G_GetElmtLabel; check for presence of photos; turn area update mode to off and on while processing.  2003-01 : Added use of variable vbTopOfPage to check whether it's the first thing being printed.  2003-05 : Modified to use G_CreateImageLog method.  Added check for comments more than 36 chars and if inspection is not DVS, FCR, CMI .  2003-06 : After v3.3 Added check for Damage inspections not print General comments if less than 350 chars.  2003-08 : Changed limit of chars for 1st page of DVS, FCR, CMI to 50. Added check to see if there were any comments placed by counting chars to avoid having blank page if no gen cmts and elmt comments less than 50.  2003-09-26 : Use Comments flag to check select elements with comments.  2003-11-15 : Removed unused if(false) statements.  2004-01-20 : Modified to accept an optional argument (to override vPrintFlag) and to return the number of comments pages.  2004-03-18 : Added WR SET TEXT PROPERTY to set the font and font size.  (For PC conversion)  2004-03-26 : Instead of using Arial 11 as default for printing out the remarks section, use the original font that was used to create the comments.  From now on, the default font for comments is Arial 11.  If the comments font is Geneva and the platform is PC, warn the users of possible problems.  2004-04-01 : Added a second argument ($bViewAllCmtsFlag) to the function.  If true, open a 4D external window that has all the comments. Added missing param in call WR Area to Blob ($mainarea).  2004-04-16 : Changed the sorting code for [ElementDict].  It uses ORDER BY full label instead of ORDER BY FORUMLA.  2004-04-27 : Modified the alert message.   2004-05-04 : Use actual values instead of wr Underline; wr continuous underline constants.