November 2000Modified for Custom entry of Items 6 and 7January 2001Moved Bridgekey entry to the second page of the formAdded Item8 creation to the first page of the formModified BDEPT's object method to update Item8 when BDEPT is changed in this form.Feb 2001Moved common buttons and titles to page 0Apr 2001 : modified PopUp lists and variables for Automatic appearance; removed old Down arrow symbols.Adjusted Display lengths of Bridge Category Code and made fonts of all popups to Geneva. Adjusted display of entries for Bridge Key. Modified object method of BridgeCategory popup : changed c_string  definition of the display variable to 60 from 30 (it was truncating the longer codes).Apr-2001 : modified methods IDaFeatDescr_ , IDa7FDescr_ to correct a problem of initializing them when 6A or 7 start with I, ST, USJun-2001 : Changed Form Method to Not Disable buttons that control records (first record, last rec, etc). Also changed logging of changes to be similar to the method used in SI&A input form. The changes are logged only if the record has been modified.Jan-2003 : Added fields for Agency brg no and RR branch  and brg no info. Added a tab control and re-arranged location of fields.Feb-2003 : Modified some of the code for Item6a and 7 methods. Fixed code in BDEPT and aTownname_ objects.10-Oct-2003 : Use method FlushGrpChgs.2004-02-13 : Made form type Detail.2003-03-16 : Applied 'DataEntry12Plain' style sheet to input fields.2004-04-13 : Applied form scaling - 120%.  Set hor. and vert. margin to 10, and min. width to 730, min height to 530.2004-04-15 : Applied 'TabText' style sheet to tab labels.  Reduced text box height from 21 to 18.2004-04-20 : Replaced the button images with correctly scaled ones. Removed unused buttons from the toolbar.  2004-04-27 : Coordinated font colors.2004-05-05 : Renamed Tab control to fix problem where it is not visible in compiled mode.